The President:
Over the past week,
the United States has continued
to lead our friends and allies
in the strategy to degrade
and ultimately destroy
the terrorist group
known as ISIL.
As I've said before, our
intelligence community
has not yet detected
specific plots from these
terrorists against America.
Right now, they pose a threat
to the people of Iraq, Syria,
and the broader Middle East.
But its leaders have threatened
America and our allies.
And if left unchecked, they
could pose a growing threat
to the United States.
So, last month, I gave the
order for our military
to begin taking targeted
action against ISIL.
Since then, American pilots
have flown more than
170 airstrikes against
these terrorists in Iraq.
And France has now joined
us in these airstrikes.
Going forward, we won't hesitate
to take action against these
terrorists in Iraq or in Syria.
But this is not
America's fight alone.
I won't commit our troops to
fighting another ground war
in Iraq, or in Syria.
It's more effective to use our
capabilities to help partners
on the ground secure their
own country's futures.
We will use our air power.
We will train and
equip our partners.
We will advise and
we will assist.
And we'll lead a broad
coalition of nations who
have a stake in this fight.
This isn't America vs.
ISIL.
This is the people
of that region vs.
ISIL.
It's the world vs ISIL.
We've been working to secure
bipartisan support for this
strategy here at home, because I
believe that we are strongest
as a nation when the President
and Congress work together.
We've been consulting
closely with Congress.
And last week, Secretary
of State Kerry,
Secretary of Defense Hagel,
and military leaders worked
to gain their support
for our strategy.
A majority of Democrats and
a majority of Republicans
in both the House and the Senate
have now approved a first,
key part of our strategy
by wide margins.
They've given our troops the
authority they need to train
Syrian opposition fighters
so that they can fight
ISIL in Syria.
Those votes sent a powerful
signal to the world:
Americans are united in
confronting this danger.
And I hope Congress continues to
make sure our troops get what
they need to get the job done.
Meanwhile, because we're
leading the right way,
more nations are
joining our coalition.
Over 40 countries have offered
to help the broad campaign
against ISIL so far - from
training and equipment,
to humanitarian relief, to
flying combat missions.
And this week, at
the United Nations,
I'll continue to rally the
world against this threat.
This is an effort that America
has the unique ability to lead.
When the world is threatened;
when the world needs help;
it calls on America.
And we call on our troops.
Whether it's to degrade and
ultimately destroy a group
of terrorists, or to contain
and combat a threat like
the Ebola epidemic in Africa;
we ask a lot of our troops.
But while our politics
may be divided at times,
the American people stand
united around supporting
our troops and
their families.
This is a moment of
American leadership.
Thanks to them, it is
a moment we will meet.
Thank you.